hi this is mariah Chandler and you're
watching get to know your bears
terming driven and passionate
well you everybody knows coach Kim was
very passionate she hates to lose so
she's very determined to win every game
and I think we're definitely just driven
this year simply because everybody's
doubting us shouty
simply because this is an Atlanta
dictionary and it's not in the word
dictionary and I say shouting out of
town it is made short II like hey guy
friend you know just like a girl or a
boy or how you doing man
it's the same thing buddy
my hamster that my mom killed when I was
10 years old he had some putting oil
spike she forgot to feed him
how was that mom why I was emphasizing
and she forgot the feeling that she
called me and told me that he passed
away I was really sad I was 10 years old
so you can imagine what I was going
through still not letting the movie down
tug ofwar
moves very competitive and the guys
always thought the girls can't do
anything and we definitely become a
couple on smooth criminal I'll probably
dance little more than same but this
one's coming
I love definitely not but I could dance
that's oh no I just love Michael Jackson
golden goose that's my favorite show
it's all I love to be part of Betty wise
life love you I just love anyway I'll
probably cry over me or like Burroughs
beefing it up beefing it up and walking
it up it was just just just simple
moving the shoulders I see everybody try
to add their own little flavor to it
and that's what kind of makes it
different nowadays but I just keep the
snow bridges just beefing it up nicely
fans here they really try to get to know
you as a person and I think that's the
best thing about being a better athlete
and I write poetry too these days we
wonder why must we psychobabble just
said
when the parents probably a lot of fun
to the sky and blossom into where we are
now we stop right here this lighting is
long hey bear the fans out there this is
the end of gets to know your bear just
want to say please come out of
supporters we're gonna be a great season
this year
second bears